Astro 5/22 release notes (incl. Hosted) (#2322)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.14.1 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## May 22, 2023

### Introducing Astro Hosted and Hybrid

Astro Hosted is a new way to run Airflow on Astronomer's cloud. On Astro Hosted, Airflow environments are managed and hosted entirely by Astronomer, enabling you to shift your focus from infrastructure to data. 

> For more information about how Astro Hosted works, see [LINK].

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about how Astro Hosted works, see the [Architecture overview](astro-architecture.md).
```

> If you're already an Astro user and your Deployments run in your company's own cloud, you're using Astro Hybrid. To see whether you're an Astro Hybrid user, open your Organization in the Cloud UI and go to **Settings** > **General**. Your version of Astro is listed under **Product Type**. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you're already an Astro user and your Deployments run in your company's own cloud, you're using _Astro Hybrid_, formerly known as Astro - Bring Your Own Cloud. To see whether you're an Astro Hybrid user, open your Organization in the Cloud UI and go to **Settings** > **General**. Your version of Astro is listed under **Product Type**. 
```

> If you're already an Astro user and your Deployments run in your company's own cloud, you're using _Astro Hybrid_, formerly known as Astro - Bring Your Own Cloud. To see whether you're an Astro Hybrid user, open your Organization in the Cloud UI and go to **Settings** > **General**. Your version of Astro is listed under **Product Type**. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you're already an Astro user and your Deployments run in your company's own cloud, you're using _Astro Hybrid_. To see whether you're an Astro Hybrid user, open your Organization in the Cloud UI and go to **Settings** > **General**. Your version of Astro is listed under **Product Type**. 
```

See [Documentation refactor for Astro Hybrid](#documentation-refactor-for-astro-hybrid) to learn how the current documentation has changed for Astro Hybrid users.

### Documentation refactor for Astro Hybrid

The following updates have been made to documentation to accommodate the new Astro Hosted product:

> - Astro Hybrid documentation now has a dedicated menu under "Administration" that contains all docs related to Hybrid installation and cluster management. [LINK]

Author: ```suggestion
- Astro Hybrid documentation now has a dedicated menu under "Administration" that contains all docs related to Hybrid installation and cluster management. See [Astro Hybrid overview](hybrid-overview.md).
```

> - All other docs now assume Astro Hosted by default. If a feature has a functionality difference between Hosted and Hybrid, the documentation for that feature will include a note about how that setup differs for Hybrid.

Author: ```suggestion
- All other docs now assume Astro Hosted by default. If a feature is functionally different between Hosted and Hybrid, the documentation for that feature will include a note about how that setup differs for Hybrid. This note is labeled as **Alternative Astro Hybrid setup**.
```

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.14.1 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## May 22, 2023

### Introducing Astro Hosted and Hybrid

_Astro Hosted_ is a new way to run Airflow on Astronomer's cloud. On Astro Hosted, Airflow environments are managed and hosted entirely by Astronomer, enabling you to shift your focus from infrastructure to data. 

For more information about how Astro Hosted works, see the [Architecture overview](astro-architecture.md).

If you're already an Astro user and your Deployments run in your company's own cloud, you're using _Astro Hybrid_. This version of Astro was formerly known as Astro - Bring Your Own Cloud. 

To see whether you're an Astro Hybrid user, open your Organization in the Cloud UI and go to **Settings** > **General**. Your version of Astro is listed under **Product Type**. 

> See [Documentation refactor for Astro Hybrid](#documentation-refactor-for-astro-hybrid) to learn how the current documentation has changed for Astro Hybrid users.

Author: ```suggestion
See [Documentation refactor for Astro Hybrid](#documentation-refactor-for-astro-hybrid) to learn how the documentation has changed for current Astro Hybrid users.
```
